homina homina homina homina homina
homina homina homina homina homina happy
to hippity hippity hippity hippity
ranger hibbity ranger buddy Ranger
anybody Ranger humming ah man I
humma-nah humma-nah humma-nah hippity
Ranger today we are fighting the fucking
hippie asshole Rangers today today Jay's
glorious day today there's your dad
gigantic city on runescape look at the
Teddy feel the titty look at the titty
look at the titty look at the tip you
look at the today's that today is a
glorious and sexy day today we are
fighting a high level fucking little
hippy Ranger fucking crapolla fucking
pretty sure he's a high level or some
interesting crap what do you find out
there rune crossbow Arun fucking baton
or fucking some other interesting crap
15 16 ah yes hippie Rangers hang on hang
on hang on let me turn on the ultimen
fucking killing machine did it a charge
yes in the land of soviet russia we will
do mucho Grande oh my god 217 yeah yeah
that's that's a typical jags corporation
right there fucking 13 out of fucking my
asshole know where I and oh what the
fuck ok hippie ranger this is asshole
backwards oh I hit oh I just saw my own
ball sac it totally ripped apart and
shreds by this fucking polar bear
grizzly fucking bear wants to eat my
nutsack Wow 32 wants to eat my fucking
Wow or 21 Stewie Wow a 16 fuck you
hippie Ranger wants to eat my titties
for breakfast lunch and dinner however
we will not allow the mucho grande a
fucking nightmare cheese balls I really
do need to get fucking party I really do
need to get a higher blur level which i
believe is only 46 to do fucking prayer
potions or fucking it could be a little
higher and then farming I know in order
to get fucking us fucking wasted snap
grass or some shit like that Jesus
Christ my balls snap grass is only
fucking I think 40 something nightmare
eh needs to fucking figure out better
system on to buying fucking
goddamn prayer potions the prayer oceans
are rising and for peking videos prayer
potions are mucho mucho fucking grande o
yes o 29 the balls oh you died hippie
ranger went to hell and died oh my
titties ax oh my glorious titties holy
shit my glorious nuts AXA today in the
land of soviet fuck my balls type russia
nightmare each is fucking victorious it
must be God dear memorials they got damn
it and what the fuck is this goddamn
coins are bones aye captain why'd you
need higher prayer potions but still
that's fucking where's goddamn coins I
see fucking coins but I cannot take
fucking goddamn coins and no you go
ahead give me the fucking coins that
might be a gold ring ought to ring a
Dueling god damn it well fuck my titties
and well huh her call me okay call call
me mr. garrison hahahahaha in the land
of soviets Russians and we can't even
equip this goddamn crap we have been
victorious well shit kind of fucking
sucks to leave all this goddamn shit
there however we are fucking victorious
once again not to mention for whatever
goddamn reason the shit is now at six
charges I don't know when the fuck jagex
ever made it to six charges must be
recently but shit balls anyways guys
please thumbs up this video for the
glorious killing of the hippie Ranger
and let me know it's a nasty dirty
little comments if you like to see me
kill a barraging asshole next otherwise
I'm going to well play if my balls for
this gigantic victory win by